                 Gmsh is copyright (C) 1997-2017

                       Christophe Geuzaine
                     <cgeuzaine at ulg.ac.be>

                               and

                      Jean-Francois Remacle
              <jean-francois.remacle at uclouvain.be>

Code contributions to Gmsh have been provided by David Colignon (colormaps),
Emilie Marchandise (compound geometrical entities), Gaetan Bricteux (Gauss
integration and levelsets), Jacques Lechelle (DIFFPACK mesh format), Jonathan
Lambrechts (fields, solver), Jozef Vesely (help with Tetgen integration), Koen
Hillewaert (high order elements, generalized periodic meshes), Laurent Stainier
(eigenvalue solvers, tensor display and MacOS bits), Marc Ume (original list
code), Mark van Doesburg (OpenCASCADE face connection), Matt Gundry (Plot3d mesh
format), Matti Pellikka (Cell complex and Homology solver), Nicolas Tardieu
(help with Netgen integration), Pascale Noyret (MED mesh format), Pierre Badel
(root finding and minimization), Ruth Sabariego (pyramids), Stephen Guzik (CGNS
and partitioners), Bastien Gorissen (parallel remote post-processing), Eric
Bechet (solver), Gilles Marckmann (camera and stero mode), Ashish Negi (Netgen
CAD healing), Trevor Strickler (structured/unstructured coupling with pyramids),
Amaury Johnen (Bezier), Benjamin Ruard (Java wrappers), Maxime Graulich
(iOS/Android port), Francois Henrotte (onelab metamodels), Sebastian Eiser (PGF
output), Alexis Salzman (compressed IO), Hang Si (TetGen/BR boundary recovery
code), Fernando Lorenzo (Tochnog support). See comments in the sources for more
information. If we forgot to list your contributions please send us an email!

The TetGen/BR code (Mesh/tetgenBR.{cpp,h}) is copyright (c) 2016 Hang Si, Weierstrass
Institute for Applied Analysis and Stochatics.

The AVL tree code (Common/avl.{cpp,h}) and the YUV image code
(Graphics/gl2yuv.{cpp,h}) are copyright (C) 1988-1993, 1995 The Regents of the
University of California. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation, and that the name of the University of California not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
specific, written prior permission. The University of California makes no
representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is
provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

The picojson code (Common/picojson.h) is Copyright 2009-2010 Cybozu Labs, Inc.,
Copyright 2011-2014 Kazuho Oku, All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The trackball code (Graphics/Trackball.{cpp.h}) is copyright (C) 1993, 1994,
Silicon Graphics, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation,
and that the name of Silicon Graphics, Inc. not be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written
prior permission.

The GIF and PPM routines (Graphics/gl2gif.cpp) are based on code copyright (C)
1989, 1991, Jef Poskanzer. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation.  This software is provided "as is" without express or implied
warranty.

The colorbar widget (Fltk/Colorbar_Window.cpp) was inspired by code from the
Vis5d program for visualizing five dimensional gridded data sets, copyright (C)
1990-1995, Bill Hibbard, Brian Paul, Dave Santek, and Andre Battaiola.

In addition, this this version of Gmsh may contain the following contributed
codes in the contrib/ directory, each governed by their own license:

* contrib/ANN copyright (C) 1997-2005 University of Maryland and Sunil Arya and
  David Mount;

* contrib/Chaco written by Bruce Hendrickson and Robert Leland at Sandia
  National Laboratories under US Department of Energy contract DE-AC04-76DP00789
  and is copyrighted by Sandia Corporation.

* contrib/gmm copyright (C) 2002-2008 Yves Renard;

* contrib/kbipack copyright (C) 2005 Saku Suuriniemi;

* contrib/MathEx based in part on the work of the SSCILIB Library, copyright (C)
  2000-2003 Sadao Massago;

* contrib/Metis written by George Karypis (karypis at cs.umn.edu), copyright (C)
  1998 Regents of the University of Minnesota;

* contrib/mpeg_encode copyright (c) 1995 The Regents of the University of
  California;

* contrib/Netgen subdirectory copyright (C) 1994-2004 Joachim Sch"oberl;

* contrib/Tetgen1.5 subdirectory) copyright (C) 2002-2007 Hang Si;

* contrib/bamg subdirectory) from Freefem++ copyright (C) Frederic Hecht;

* contrib/lbfgs subdirectory) (C) Sergey Bochkanov (ALGLIB project);

* contrib/mmg3d subdirectory) from MMG3D Version 4.0 (C) 2004-2011 Cecile
  Dobrzynski and Pascal Frey (IPB - UPMC - INRIA);

* contrib/blossom subdirectory) copyright (C) 1995-1997 Bill Cook et al.;

* contrib/bamg subdirectory) from Freefem++ copyright (C) Frederic Hecht;

* contrib/taucs subdirectory) from TAUCS Version 2.0, November 29, 2001,
  Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003 by Sivan Toledo, Tel-Aviv Univesity,
  stoledo@tau.ac.il. All Rights Reserved.

* contrib/voro++ subdirectory) from Voro++ Copyright (c) 2008, The Regents of
  the University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
  (subject to receipt of any required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of
  Energy). All rights reserved;

* contrib/zipper subdirectory) from MiniZip - Copyright (c) 1998-2010 - by
  Gilles Vollant - version 1.1 64 bits from Mathias Svensson.

Check the configuration options to see which has been enabled.

Special thanks to Bill Spitzak, Michael Sweet, Matthias Melcher, Greg Ercolano
and others for the Fast Light Tool Kit on which Gmsh's GUI is based. See
http://www.fltk.org for more info on this excellent object-oriented,
cross-platform toolkit.

Special thanks also to EDF for funding the original OpenCASCADE and MED
integration in 2006-2007.

Thanks to the following folks who have contributed by providing fresh ideas on
theoretical or programming topics, who have sent patches, requests for changes
or improvements, or who gave us access to exotic machines for testing Gmsh: Juan
Abanto, Olivier Adam, Guillaume Alleon, Laurent Champaney, Pascal Dupuis,
Patrick Dular, Philippe Geuzaine, Johan Gyselinck, Francois Henrotte, Benoit
Meys, Nicolas Moes, Osamu Nakamura, Chad Schmutzer, Jean-Luc Fl'ejou, Xavier
Dardenne, Christophe Prud'homme, Sebastien Clerc, Jose Miguel Pasini, Philippe
Lussou, Jacques Kools, Bayram Yenikaya, Peter Hornby, Krishna Mohan Gundu,
Christopher Stott, Timmy Schumacher, Carl Osterwisch, Bruno Frackowiak, Philip
Kelleners, Romuald Conty, Renaud Sizaire, Michel Benhamou, Tom De Vuyst, Kris
Van den Abeele, Simon Vun, Simon Corbin, Thomas De-Soza, Marcus Drosson, Antoine
Dechaume, Jose Paulo Moitinho de Almeida, Thomas Pinchard, Corrado Chisari, Axel
Hackbarth, Peter Wainwright, Jiri Hnidek, Thierry Thomas, Konstantinos Poulios,
Laurent Van Miegroet, Shahrokh Ghavamian, Geordie McBain, Jose Paulo Moitinho de
Almeida, Guillaume Demesy, Wendy Merks-Swolfs, Cosmin Stefan Deaconu, Nigel
Nunn, Serban Georgescu, Julien Troufflard, Michele Mocciola, Matthijs Sypkens
Smit, Sauli Ruuska, Larry Price.
